The International Tennis Federation stripped Serena Williams of all titles, trophies, and other acclaimed achievements Tuesday after a painstaking review of her career revealed she has been playing with a tennis racket in each hand since making her professional debut. “Upon analysis of thousands of photos and hundreds of hours of video of her 39 Major title matches, it’s clear Serena has employed two rackets since her professional debut at the ’95 Bell Challenge, granting her a substantial and patently unfair competitive advantage,” said ITF president David Haggerty, acknowledging that the speed and fluidity of Williams’ swings had long confounded tournament organizers, line judges, and opponents alike. “We initially launched an investigation into the matter in 2009 after receiving several anonymous complaints, but results were inconclusive; we now suspect that Serena was holding one racket behind her back during our otherwise intensive questioning.” In a related report, Tiger Woods has been stripped of his 14 major titles after officials discovered Woods has been playing golf with two clubs in each hand.

Regretting all the time and energy they wasted caring for the grass lawn, the grounds crew at the All England Club in Wimbledon was reportedly frustrated Monday after learning about the existence of cement tennis courts. “This is painstaking work in the hot sun, trimming and watering every single day. Why didn’t someone just tell us we could pour out cement, paint on some lines, and be done with it?” asked head groundskeeper Neil Stubley, noting that to maintain perfect consistency, they had to aerate and fertilize the grass with scientific accuracy, all of which takes millions of dollars and thousands of hours of labor every year. “We’ve been doing this for decades, just assuming this was the way you had to make a tennis court, and nobody once bothered to tell us about cement. Do you know how temperamental soil is? Not to mention it gets worn down after two days of play and looks like shit. Next year, Wimbledon is going cement.” At press time, Stubley had grown even more furious after learning about the existence of indoor stadiums.

Suddenly overcome by a swell of emotion while rebuking the other members for their unwillingness to share the burden of mutual security obligations, a tearful President Trump admitted Wednesday to his fellow world leaders that the NATO alliance is the closest thing to friendship he’s ever had. “I’m sorry to get so sentimental, but this is really the first time in my life that I’ve ever even come close to experiencing a real sense of camaraderie with other human beings,” said a sniffling Trump, his voice cracking while noting that he can’t remember a time prior to their yearly summits when he felt like he belonged and could be his true self. “I know that we argue and say some really horrible things to each other sometimes, but this relationship I have with all of you is so special to me. The bond that the 29 of us share is my dearest, most cherished possession, and I will treasure it always.” Trump then asked his allies to forgive his emotional display before reminding them that if they don’t put forward the full 4 percent of their GDP for defense, they can “all fucking forget about receiving any U.S. military support in the future.”

Shocked that the personal correspondence would take such a cold and impersonal tone, delinquent tenant Ross Grimley, 28, found the eviction notice posted on the door of his apartment to be disturbingly all business. “I thought they would at least give me a ‘good morning’ before getting down to brass tacks, but ‘to whom it may concern’ makes it sound like I may not even care about getting kicked out of my own place,” said Grimley, noting that the form letter rudely tacked over his peephole did not even refer to him until the third sentence, and even then only obliquely as “tenant.” “In situations like this, I feel like a little bit of warmth would go a long way, but instead it’s all stilted decorum, ‘pursuant to a written lease’ this and ‘occupancy will be forfeited’ that. I mean, after living here for over a year, you’d think I’d have earned a little human recognition.” Grimley also expressed surprise that his landlord hadn’t learned some manners after the previous two “rather rude” eviction notices were also ignored.

Arguing that there was no conceivable reason they should be anywhere else, local woman Nora Jay confirmed Wednesday that the good scissors weren’t in the fucking drawer where they belonged. “God damn it, where the hell are they? I don’t know how I’m supposed to finish wrapping this birthday present without my one decent pair of scissors,” said Jay, 30, as she tore through her home in search of the Fiskars premier craft scissors she’d paid over $15 for at Michael’s. “I don’t know what asshole moved them from the one fucking place they’re supposed to be, but now I guess I’m going to be forced to make do with the kitchen shears or those shitty little blue ones I got from IKEA. Jesus Christ, these things can barely cut!” At press time, Jay told reporters that she had located the scissors in the other drawer.

Insisting that the controversial episode served as a stirring reminder of the importance of self-improvement, Netflix representative Tina Komal spoke in defense of a recent episode of ‘Queer Eye’ wherein the the Fab Five were forced to euthanize a contestant who was a completely hopeless slob. “We certainly wish that this contestant had been capable of enacting the simple tips suggested by our team of lifestyle experts, but unfortunately, euthanization was ultimately deemed the only practical option for improving his life,” said Komal in a stirring defense of the episode where, after futilely encouraging the unemployed Tim Yonkers to try on a variety of tailored button-up shirts and walking him through a fresh mango salsa recipe to shake up his carb-heavy diet, the Fab Five solemnly led Yonkers out to his re-landscaped backyard to be mercy-killed with a single gunshot to the head by grooming guru Jonathan Van Ness. “Though the episode may be upsetting to some of our viewers, we must also remember the countless viewers who have been deeply touched by Yonkers’ story and the team’s tireless efforts to help him—which happened to include a little tough love.” Komal went on to add that, at the conclusion of the episode, Yonkers’s friends and family had been delighted by the changes he’d undergone.

Acknowledging that the former president’s enthusiasm for the project made it all the harder to come clean, Netflix chief content officer Ted Sarandos was reportedly unsure Friday how to tell Barack Obama his series idea was just Fawlty Towers. “Oh God, he clearly put so much work into the pitch, but I don’t know how to tell him that John Cleese and Connie Booth already did the exact same thing, like, 40 years ago,” said Sarandos, attempting to find a tactful way to inform the former chief executive that his idea for Chez Obama, which would star the 44th president as a temperamental hotel proprietor who gets into all manner of farcical situations as he tries to corral his eccentric guests and wacky employees, was basically identical to the beloved British sitcom. “I’m just sitting there nodding along as he goes on and on about how there would be so many opportunities for physical comedy in an episode where a bellhop’s pet rat escapes the same day as the health inspector arrives, and I freeze. What am I supposed to say? He’s honestly never heard of this show before? Then he gets all excited talking about how Michelle could even play the intelligent, put-upon chambermaid, and my heart just about broke.” After receiving the bad news, an undaunted Obama immediately launched into his backup pitch for a 12-part miniseries about the early Roman Empire as told from the perspective of the elderly emperor Claudius.

Feigning polite interest throughout the 90-minute meeting, Pentagon officials from all five branches of the armed forces listened in silence Thursday as Mike Pence presented his detailed plans for a state-of-the-art angel-guided weapons system. “Though we are grateful for the vice president’s interest in national defense, the prospect of using seraphim-targeted bombs and heretic-seeking missiles to protect America from hostile sinners is not feasible, nor indeed useful, at this time,” said Secretary of Defense James Mattis, graciously thanking Pence for his hand-drawn schematics of a proposed Holy Ghost cloaking device that would allow planes to fly undetected above the homes of prostitutes and thieves. “Obviously, we cannot plan our defense against North Korea around the face of God appearing before Kim Jong-un and turning him into a pillar of salt, but it’s not like I can tell the vice president of the United States to stop talking. Luckily, he wound down after explaining how the Gabriel’s Trumpet Alert System worked, which is just as well, because apparently the idea behind it is that we would just all ascend bodily into Heaven, which in many ways contradicts our current strategic goals.” The National Guard, however, may consider Pence’s contingency plans for non-lethal counters to possible civil unrest, saying the idea of a crowd-dispersing holy water cannon is “not completely without merit.”

Despite the years of effort and success in lower-level religious practice, a group of professional scouts told reporters Friday that they strongly doubt Tim Tebow will ever make it to heaven. “I know he’s put in a lot of prayers and missionary work, but when it comes to getting to heaven, Tebow just doesn’t have the raw spirituality you need,” said scout Gregory Veitch, adding that Tebow’s lifelong commitment to finding eternal bliss in the divine Kingdom of God was impressive, but that it takes a really special kind of talent to make it all the way to the top. “I could see him spending some time in purgatory for sure—there are always open spots for someone as devoted to Christ as Tebow—but he needs to accept reality and realize that getting to heaven is just something that isn’t going to happen.” At press time, Tebow had decided to abandon Christianity and try his hand at reaching heaven through Judaism.

Touting the release as an unmatched innovation in green technology, Elon Musk held a press event Wednesday to unveil Tesla’s new clean energy automobile, a sleek midsize luxury sedan pulled by eight Tesla employees. “I’m excited to stand before you today and announce the &8, Tesla’s latest great advance in our ongoing journey towards completely environmentally responsible transportation—this new vehicle, with its multi-redundant, human-focused propulsion system, is even more efficient than electric models, and I’m proud to say it was born and bred right here in America using a 100 percent renewable, 99 percent biodegradable power source with forest-friendly emissions,” said Musk, who demonstrated the machine’s octuply-redundant voice-activated navitainment system, which, like the powertrain, fully supports tethering, adaptable all-surface cartilaginous shock absorbers, and “torture mode” overdrive, in which seven subsidiary drive units are slaved directly to a controlling “master motivator.” Tesla also claims that the new continuously variable transmission runs in complete silence, though press drivers noted some light huffing, puffing, and occasional moaning during highway tests. “The &8 will completely change the way Americans view clean energy vehicles. As usual, the purchase price will include the ability to easily recharge the power plant at any Applebee’s, but this is an extremely hardy, fuel-efficient—in many ways, self-sufficient—and ecologically aware vehicle. Customers can even visit the Tesla headquarters to select the exact parts that work best for them, from optional vegetable-fueled drive units to self-healing, scratch-resistant bodies in their choice of colors.” Musk also teased the upcoming announcement of a new HyperLoop high-speed rail locomotive using a much larger version of the &8’s core system.

Expressing immense gratitude for their role in normalizing and promoting the pursuits of marginalized people, the National Alliance on Mental Illness issued a statement Thursday praising the National Rifle Association for decreasing the stigma around mentally ill people acquiring firearms. “There are still many Americans who hold prejudices against people with schizophrenia purchasing assault weapons, but the NRA has made incredible strides to help reduce that bias,” said NAMI representative Rebeccah Vance, lauding the NRA’s tireless efforts to advocate for all potentially unstable Americans to easily purchase a firearm, no matter their age, background, or history of mental illness. “It’s often hard for someone who’s suffering from symptoms of mental illness to be able to do a simple thing like buying a firearm; however, now those suffering from psychiatric disorders are no longer forced to live in the shadows. Thanks to the NRA, all Americans can easily satisfy their violent urges without enduring humiliating, unnecessary background checks.” At press time, the NRA received glowing praise for their fearless efforts to help secure firearms for all those convicted of domestic violence.

Shedding new light on the vulnerability of low-income Americans struggling in the face of a Mack truck, a report from the Brookings Institution confirmed Thursday that the poor are often hit hardest by 18-wheelers. “The economically disadvantaged face a great variety of challenges, but sometimes the single factor having the greatest impact on individuals earning less than $20,000 per year is a semi failing to stop and plowing into them as they attempt to cross the street,” said Brookings senior research fellow Tim Brownridge, adding that members of households living at or below the poverty line are typically unprepared to survive the full force of a tractor trailer barreling down the highway at 75 miles per hour. “Without exception, every person in this income bracket has a hard time recovering from a direct hit by a 40-ton big rig. The severe mark left on a financially struggling family of four by a fast-moving Peterbilt or Freightliner simply cannot be overstated.” The report follows a parallel study published last week that found the top 1 percent of American earners are often hit hardest by their own helicopter’s rotor blades.

Resigning herself to the fact that perhaps she just wasn’t meant to have smooth, detangled hair, area woman Candace Fard confided to reporters Thursday that after being let down by yet another leave-in conditioner, she wasn’t sure she could ever put herself out there again. “I’ve been burned so many times before, and I don’t want to waste any more of my life, you know?” said Fard, who sighed while gazing longingly at a Pantene magazine ad boasting all-day frizz protection before angrily ripping the page to pieces at the memory of her own half-used bottle, which she decided to part with after discovering it made her bangs greasy. “It’s so hard to see all my friends finding the perfect leave-in conditioner for them while I sit here trying product after product and nothing ever works out. Like, I’m happy for them, but why can’t I have what they have? Sometimes, it feels like there’s not even anything out there for my hair type. Maybe it’s time I give up and just accept myself as a woman with dry, tangled hair.” At press time, Fard was reportedly fielding a call from her mother, whose friend Joan had insisted she had a conditioner that would be a perfect match.

Man Wishes There Was Some Sort Of Sign He Could Put On His House To Let Visitors Know He Has Gone Fishing.

Emphasizing how important it was for his well-being to cut the cord and start harassing more minorities in person, white supremacist Alan Kearney, 63, told reporters Thursday that he’s been living a much more fulfilling, racist life since getting kicked offline. “Sitting behind a screen all day was really taking its toll on me, which is why it’s been so refreshing to actually find ‘Unite The Right’ rallies or Klan meetups where I can interact face-to-face with other extremists like myself,” said Kearney, whose recent ban from Reddit and 4chan was just the push he needed to leave the house and find a community of like-minded people who believe their racial superiority must lead to the formation of a pure ethno-state by any means necessary. “Sure, there were Jews and Muslims I was telling to kill themselves online, but it’s much more rewarding to go out into the real world, stand outside a synagogue or mosque, and do it there. It’s so much more liberating.” Kearney added that, most importantly, his decision to be racist in the real world sets a good example for his racist children.

Given pause after witnessing the consequences of their actions, members of a sixth-grade class at River View Middle School reported feeling kind of bad Wednesday after discovering how little effort it took to make their teacher, 23-year-old Kayla Martin, cry. “Oh, jeez, now I feel guilty—I realize we were being a little bit mean to her, but I had no idea she was just gonna burst into tears like that,” said student Daniel Rivera, 11, adding that he and his classmates “weren’t even laying it on all that thick” when the first-year teacher turned off all the lights, yelled at them to put their heads down on their desks, and retreated to the back of the room, where she could be heard quietly weeping. “Sure, a few of us were deliberately talking over her every time she tried to speak. And Madison and her friends kept pointing and making fun of Ms. Martin’s shoes. But she lost it in, like, half the time it used to take Mrs. Bergman to start crying. The poor young thing.” At press time, the sixth-graders confirmed feeling absolutely terrible after Ms. Martin had wordlessly pressed play on an educational film about fossils and returned to sit at her desk in the dark.

Vehemently defending the Supreme Court nominee against recent allegations of sexual assault, GOP officials declared Wednesday that Brett Kavanaugh shouldn’t be held accountable for something he did as a white teenager. “We’re talking about something that occurred when Mr. Kavanaugh was a mere 17-year-old Caucasian,” said Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY), adding that it was ridiculous to allow a single incident that happened when Kavanaugh was in an elite and mostly white high school ruin the career of such an accomplished white person. “I expect most of my colleagues here in the Senate remember what it’s like to be a young white man and make mistakes. The important thing is that we learn from those mistakes and grow up to be responsible white adults. It’s shameful that my Democratic colleagues feel the need to sully Judge Kavanaugh’s reputation when they, too, surely understand that boys of European descent will be boys of European descent.” McConnell went on to state that the assault would hardly even be noteworthy had the victim not been a 15-year-old white girl.

Urging a return to civility amid a contentious confirmation fight, GOP officials called Thursday for calmer, more reasonable death threats to be made toward Judge Brett Kavanaugh’s accuser. “We understand there’s a lot of controversy around this, but she still deserves to have people threaten to kill her in a polite way,” said Senator Chuck Grassley (R-IA), who added that cooler heads must prevail, especially when dealing with a situation as delicate as taunting the accuser by vowing to broadcast her family’s home address. “It’s important for us to maintain a sense of decorum. Now, that doesn’t mean we have to stop sending graphic emails—it just means we should tone down the rhetoric about mutilating her corpse. You should always take the high road and leave her children out of this. Remember, there’s really no need to use misogynistic slurs such as ‘bitch’ when ‘lying whore’ will suffice.” At press time, Grassley reiterated that a “true conservative” would terrorize her in a way that would “make our founding fathers proud.”

DALLAS—In an effort to make himself more appealing to voters, Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX) reportedly tried to connect with the audience at a candidate forum Tuesday by wearing the bloody, skinned face of a far more handsome man as a mask. “People are really responding to this new, dapper Ted Cruz,” said campaign manager Jeff Roe, noting that recent internal polls show that since Cruz adopted the new look, voters are twice as likely to describe the expressionless, gore-covered incumbent as “trustworthy,” “affable,” or “charming.” “That rough-cut mask of rotting skin is doing wonders for the senator on the campaign trail. He’s honestly never looked better, and the voters are really beginning to take notice. Even with the stench of decomposition, most people we talk to remark upon how Sen. Cruz doesn’t make them feel as nauseous as he used to. He’s looking a lot healthier, too.” Roe later confirmed that while Cruz’s current mask was rapidly decaying, the candidate had a freezer filled with enough handsome and blood-encrusted masks of human skin to last him through the campaign’s final stretch.

CLEVELAND—Warning that remaining in the vicinity could lead to numerous adverse health effects, officials at the Republican National Convention asked all pregnant women to leave Quicken Loans Arena during Ted Cruz’s speech Wednesday night for the safety of their developing fetuses, sources confirmed. “We urge pregnant women in attendance to take precautions to protect their unborn children by exiting the premises for the entirety of Ted Cruz’s speech, as any exposure to the senator could cause significant birth defects,” announced RNC operations manager Caroline Davidson over the arena’s sound system 15 minutes prior to the Texas lawmaker’s scheduled appearance, while volunteers distributed pamphlets outlining further steps pregnant mothers should take to safeguard themselves, including not reentering the building for at least 24 hours after the senator had finished speaking and avoiding direct contact with anyone who was present during Cruz’s speech for the remainder of their pregnancy. “Failure to heed this warning could result in complications for your child’s cranial nerve development, while prolonged exposure has been shown to pose a substantially increased risk of major congenital malformations. We also have reason to believe that any genetic abnormalities stemming from one’s proximity to Cruz could manifest not only in your child, but in their eventual children as well.” Following the announcement, convention officials reportedly distributed lead aprons to those remaining seated in the first 20 rows, instructing attendees to make sure they covered their abdominal organs completely, before welcoming Cruz to the stage.

LOS ANGELES—Calling themselves “practically family” now, Luke and Owen Wilson fondly recalled Monday the first time they met while on the set of Wes Anderson’s 2001 film The Royal Tenenbaums. “I’d always heard about how great Luke was from Wes [Anderson], but it wasn’t until we were finally introduced that I knew he was someone I’d really hit it off with,” said Owen Wilson, admitting he was initially nervous about the intimate scene his character Eli shares with Luke’s Richie, but explained that his nerves settled after getting to know his co-star over the course of the shoot. “We’d obviously admired each other’s work from afar, but once we got to talking, we found out we actually had a ton in common and have pretty similar sensibilities. And now even our kids are friends. God, we’re so close that I’d maybe even have him stand up in my wedding.” Wilson added that the two are now almost as close as collaborator Roman Coppola is with his friends Sofia Coppola and Francis Ford Coppola, whom he met on the set of The Godfather Part II.

LOS ANGELES—Following the confirmation of the Ryan Coogler–produced, LeBron James–starring sequel to the popular 1996 film, actor Kevin Hart reportedly announced Thursday that he was just going to assume he’s in Space Jam 2 unless he hears otherwise. “If they’re making the Space Jam sequel I think they’ll be making, there’s just no way I won’t be in it,” said Hart, adding that he had already blocked out June and July 2019 on his calendar to film the movie and was just waiting to hear from his agent to confirm. “You have to imagine there will be a couple jokes about the fact that LeBron and the other basketball players are tall and I’m short. That will be good for some laughs. I’m guessing that one of the cartoons will dunk over me, and I assume I’ll say something like ‘Damn, that alien got moves.’ Until they tell me different, I’m just figuring I’ll get down on my knees and comically beg the Looney Tunes to go easy on me before I get blown up with cartoon dynamite.” Hart added that if he wasn’t going to actually appear in the film, he assumed he would probably be performing the voice of a large, imposing-looking Monstar who was actually a fast-talking wimp.

NEW YORK—Reflecting on the eventual conclusion of his storied, decades-spanning career, Al Roker told reporters Thursday that he has strongly considered retiring from creating the weather. “I’ve had a good run, but I’m starting to get to an age where I’d like to just relax and spend some time with my family instead of devoting every day to controlling the weather with my mind,” said the longtime Today anchor, explaining that while he was proud of the work he had done as the singular source of every blizzard, thunderstorm, tornado, and light breeze that has affected the United States over the past 20 years, he has begun to think about calling it quits to devote his golden years to traveling and other leisure activities. “It feels like just yesterday when I trotted out there for the first time, rubbed my temples with my fingers, and caused golf-ball-sized hail to pelt Boston. These days, it gets kind of exhausting to adjust the position of the sun in the sky or summon a hurricane with intense concentration. I’ve been incredibly fortunate to generate the temperature and precipitation activity for so long, but sometimes, it’s just time to pass the job on to the next generation.” Roker also reminisced about the two weeks in 2002 when the United States was completely devoid of any weather due to his brief absence from the post while undergoing gastric bypass surgery.

LONDON—Featuring never-before-heard tracks such as “Why Don’t You Grab My Hand,” “While My Palm Gently Sweats,” and “Hands, Hands, Hands,” EMI Records announced Thursday the release of a new Beatles box set with 172 unreleased songs about wanting to hold hands. “These 16 discs offer dedicated fans a chance to finally experience Help’s ‘Glove In Glove,’ Abbey Road’s ‘My Baby’s Knuckles,’ A Hard Day’s Night’s ‘Clasp It Tight (My Hand),’ and so many of John, Paul, Ringo, and George’s other odes to hand-holding that were previously lost to time,” said spokesperson Peter Totten of the package, which includes bonus features such as the band’s fraught in-studio arguments about John Lennon’s experimental soundscape “Revolution 10,” archival footage of the 90-piece orchestra performing the swelling anthem “The Grasp,” and photos of Maharishi Mahesh Yogi’s hand-holding meditation that inspired Paul McCartney’s “Mother Nature’s Grip.” “From the German tunes written during their 1964 Hamburg residency like ‘Ich Liebe Deine Fingers’ to later gems like Let It Be’s ‘Entwined With My Honey Pie,’ these recordings make up a massive trove of music about the band’s affinity for clutching your partner’s hand that, until now, have been left on the cutting room floor.” According to sources, EMI decided to leave “Peace Under The Sea (If We’re Hand In Tentacle)” and numerous other Ringo Starr songs off the box set.

JOHTO—Cruelly tantalized by the dream of life in the green and plentiful land just beyond his reach, video game character Ethan spent countless processor cycles Tuesday staring impotently at the forbidden realm stretching out beyond the line of impassable waist-high bushes at his feet. “All my powers, all my abilities, yet I’m halted in my tracks by a hedge half my size,” said the crestfallen hero, who is almost certain he can discern the edge of a rare egg at the limit of his vision, just three rows beyond the bush in question. “I’ve tried everything in my arsenal from the running double jump to that teleportation spell I bought from the cloaked wandering merchant, but it just seems futile. I never thought I would face an obstacle to match the chest-high wooden fence around the corner from my hometown.” A despondent and enraged Ethan was later arrested for trespassing in nearby strangers’ houses in a desperate search for a town map.

KILLEEN, TX—In a singular and anomalous break in his lifelong absence from the wandering thoughts of humanity at large, systems analyst Steven Laposata, 34, was momentarily fantasized about for a period of roughly 15 seconds late Monday. Daydream sources confirmed that Laposata’s coworker and remote acquaintance Alexandra Katos idly and momentarily entertained the idea of personal intimacy with Laposata, experiencing a brief and disjointed flurry of thoughts that will forever serve as the sole incidence in Laposata’s eventual 82 years of life during which anyone has or shall consider him as an object of desire. Moreover, the 15-second period, of which Laposata is and will always be utterly unaware, quickly faded into a sequence of ruminations during which Katos thought of a series of much more romantically and erotically appealing individuals. At press time, Laposata was currently serving as an object of disgust for another three to five people and a cipher-like figure of indifference to dozens more.

NEW HAVEN, CT—Immediately dismissing the high school senior’s chances of acceptance after reviewing his record, Yale admissions officers reportedly decided Friday that an applicant who had actually faced punishment for committing sexual assault was clearly not Yale material. “We have a very high standard here at Yale, and it’s abundantly clear that any applicant who has received actual consequences for sexual misconduct is just not someone who will thrive here,” said Yale admissions officer Paul Shelton, adding that lowering the university’s standards to admit the applicant who had been suspended from school and had to perform mandatory community service for sexual abuse was unfair to other applicants who had committed sexual assault and evaded all punishment. “What we look for in an applicant is evidence that he’s able to successfully intimidate his victim into silence, convince everyone that his victim is lying, or use his connections and family influence to get the whole episode swept under the rug. This is an elite school whose distinguished alums include President Bill Clinton, President George H.W. Bush, and Supreme Court justice Clarence Thomas, and we cannot in good conscience accept an applicant such as this young man who perpetrates sexual abuse and is unable to weasel his way out of any and all repercussions.” Admissions officers added that while the university is highly selective, they were committed to ensuring that any student who had successfully avoided punishment for sexual assault in high school would receive every opportunity to do the same during his time at Yale.

GALESBURG, IL—Baffled by the unusual pace of their classmate’s social involvement, residents at a Knox College dormitory observed Friday that fellow student Andrew Witte had a friend from home visiting way too soon. “Well, okay. We’ve only been here a couple weeks, and Drew already has a high school buddy crashing in his dorm room. That’s just weird,” said floormate Ryan Bellows, noting that Witte’s friend lived nowhere even remotely close to their school and would have had to endure a six-hour drive from Minneapolis just so he and Witte could sit in the common room and watch YouTube on a laptop. “Andrew’s barely even done unpacking. He still carries a map of campus around with him, so I don’t know how he’s even trying to show his friend around. I overheard them comparing the sizes of their dorm rooms, so his friend just started college, too, but then why isn’t he there right now? Even if they’re dating, it’s too soon for a visit.” Dormitory sources further confirmed that Witte also began receiving care packages from his family after a mere week away from home.

UNION, KY—His eyes rolling back as the blinding light emanating from the display filled the room, local man Reeves Halko, his ragged voice barely audible over the deafening sound of cards shuffling faster and faster, confirmed Friday that he never asked for the overwhelming sensory assault of its victory animation. “Jesus...I just wanted to play a nice game of cards...what’s happening to me?” said Halko, who had thick, dark streams of blood flowing from his nose and ears as the software’s rapidly blinking “You did it!” popup caused him to retch between pained pleas of, “Christ, make it stop; please, for the love of God, make it stop,” that were then instantly drowned out by ear-splitting explosions as a dazzling array of multi-colored fireworks suddenly burst across his monitor. “I’m clicking and clicking, why is nothing happening? Goddammit, how do I get out of this? Why did I ever add that nine of spades to the first column! Why, oh, why! Oh, God, I think I’m gonna throw up.” At press time, Halko was finally at peace after succumbing to internal hemorrhaging.

ALBANY, NY—Shaken to his core by the realization that he had independently shared every significant detail of his fellow classmate’s vacation, fourth-grader Bryan Gardener was sent into a profound panic Thursday as it dawned on him that student Jimmy Perez, who gave his presentation immediately before Gardener, evidently experienced the exact same summer he had. “There’s no way I can go after this,” said Gardener, 10, sinking deeper into his chair with every description of Perez’s fun time at the beach, adventures with friends, and seeing the new Avengers film on two separate occasions. “Jimmy had a great time, too? I thought I did, but now it’s totally going to seem like I’m copying him. My report even starts with ‘What I Did Last Summer,’ just like his. How was I supposed to know?” Bethany Cookmane, Gardener’s teacher, was unavailable for comment, having succumbed to depression brought on by the realization that she’d had the same summer as Perez.

KALAMAZOO, MI—Failing to complete the simple task despite his ostensibly robust academic background, onlooking students at Kalamazoo College reported Wednesday that their supposedly educated literature professor Gene Cabella demonstrated no clue as to how to rid their lecture hall of a bird that had flown in through an open window. “He was talking a pretty big game about his intensive syllabus, then the bird came in and he completely panicked. Guess you didn’t get your PhD in birds, huh, Professor?” said sophomore Ken Pei, chuckling to himself as he sat back and watched his so-called academic superior frantically wave a manilla folder in the general direction of the bird, jump backwards when it flapped its wings in his direction, then spend the next few minutes attempting to ignore the creature’s loud chirps as if the entire class hadn’t just watched him desperately try to scare it away. “You’re the one in charge here, bucko. Sorry they didn’t teach you this at Yale—do they not have birds there? Well, guess what, you’re at Kalamazoo now, fucker, so you’re gonna have to learn to deal.” At press time, Professor Cabella’s credibility had reportedly taken an “absolute nosedive” after he paused the lecture once more to place a panicky, stuttering phone call to the campus maintenance department asking for assistance. 

SACRAMENTO, CA—After learning that the object of his desire was interested in other females, local man Dave Callan told reporters Wednesday that he had puzzled over whether she’s the type of lesbian who only dates other women or the kind that dates men, too. “Amy’s a lesbian—I know—but we really vibed the other night, so maybe she’s one of those lesbians who’s also kind of into dudes,” said Callan, adding that, since lesbianism existed on a spectrum, there’s a good chance that she’s attracted to at least some guys. “It really felt like we were about to kiss at the bar and then she told me she’s a lesbian, but there are so many different kinds of lesbianism. So does that mean no? It honestly doesn’t matter to me whether she’s a lesbian or not, I just want to know if I have a shot.” At press time, a rejected Callan was wondering whether Amy was the type who’s always a lesbian or the type that’s just trying it out.

SKOKIE, IL—Wistfully imagining a future she hopes is not too far away, area woman Margaret Bridgemeyer told reporters Tuesday she yearns for the day when the first female president of the United States will have a tell-all book written about her that contains explicit descriptions of her repulsive vagina. “I have to believe in my heart that one day, there will be a woman in the Oval Office and that someone will publish a salacious account of how she has a nasty, thick bush or a really droopy labia,” said Bridgemeyer, adding that she wishes when she was young, she could have looked up to a woman who not only served her nation as commander in chief, but also had bombshell secrets about her genitals revealed to an American public eager to read about and discuss the subject. “I mean, just imagine if there were a woman in the most powerful position in the world—making key policy decisions, calling all the shots—and we were able to learn all the horrible details about her abnormally shaped clitoris, or maybe the weird consistency of her vaginal discharge. I know it may not happen in my lifetime, but just thinking about how my children or grandchildren might get to live in a country like that brings a tear to my eye.” Bridgemeyer went on to state that perhaps one day, there will even be a female president whose frequent extramarital affairs are common knowledge among her Evangelical Christian base.

CHARLOTTESVILLE, VA—Carefully establishing a reminder lest they lose themselves in a moment of exuberance, fraternity brothers at the University of Virgina’s Sigma Chi chapter made a note Tuesday not to kill a member of their new pledge class during the intense hazing process, as his family happens to own a commodious and secluded lake house. “We have to make sure to go a bit easy on Phillip since his family has that boss lodge in Alexandria,” said fraternity brother Jeffrey Robinson, advising his brothers that the freshman should only perform half the butt-chugging required of standard candidates so that his safety is not put at unusual risk, thereby ensuring their chances at spending time at his family’s lakeside chateau with its attendant pontoon boat and all-season outdoor Jacuzzi. “I heard they have Jet Skis and, like, a big-ass movie theater room, so we should only make him drink 12 beers or so. And if he falls out of a fourth-story window, we have to call an ambulance right away. I know, I know, everyone wants to see him crawling on the ground and choking on his own vomit, but just this once we can wait until after spring break so he can invite us to chill at his parents’ sick holiday home.” At press time, the fraternity brothers found themselves terrified at the possibility that their chances of an awesome vacation were ruined when the 18-year-old pledge became unresponsive after being beaten in the chest and abdomen with an orange-filled sock.

PITTSBURGH—Breaking down while discussing the horrible condition behind his absence, an emotional Le’Veon Bell revealed to reporters Tuesday that his ongoing holdout was a result of forgetting how to run. “People are attacking me, saying this is about greed or ego, but the truth is I’ve completely blanked on how to move forward rapidly,” said a tearful Bell, who claimed he first discovered the problem during a private workout when, after a handoff, he found himself paralyzed by fear and confusion, unable to advance the ball down the field even without defenders blocking him. “I want to be out there competing with my teammates, but every time I try to run, I end up tripping, walking backwards, or just spinning in circles. Trying to overcome this and learn how to move my feet in quick succession again has been the most painful struggle of my career.” Bell added that he was committed to the team and was working with forward-movement specialists to return as quickly as possible.

SEATTLE—Expressing some reservations about allowing the defense instant, unfettered access to the backfield, Russell Wilson asked the Seahawks Tuesday to modify a read-pass-option play where he’s immediately tackled by six players after receiving the snap. “I’m happy to run whatever the coaching staff draws up, but I think we can adjust this play a little so I can take more than three steps without getting pounded into the turf,” said Wilson, explaining to his coaches that perhaps one of the Seahawks’ offensive lineman could attempt to stand in the way of the oncoming pass rushers. “There is a lot to like about this play, but we could try working in some play-action or a quick slant pass before the pocket dissolves and I’m hit from three different angles. At the very least, we should only call the plays where I get sacked before I can start my progression reads a few times per game.” At press time Pete Carroll had heeded his quarterback’s advice and drawn up a new play where Wilson scrambles left and right multiple times and then throws the ball out of bounds.

BRISTOL, CT—Offering a rare behind-the-scenes glimpse into his decision-making process, ESPN fantasy football expert Matthew Berry admitted Tuesday that he just drafts fantasy players whose names he recognizes. “When putting together my perfect fantasy lineup, it can be hard to keep track of so many players I don’t know, so I usually just go with the people whose names sound kind of familiar because that means they are probably pretty good,” said Berry, adding that if he recognizes someone’s name that means they are most likely a Pro Bowler or really popular, because he wouldn’t really know which players are bad. “I’m a big Redskins fan, so I’ll often just draft players I like from that team. Sometimes, looking for people I know does backfire. Last year, I wanted to draft Peyton Manning because people said that name a lot when talking about football, but then on draft day I found out he was retired.” Berry added that if fantasy football players didn’t recognize most of the names, there was usually a points projection on each website that was pretty helpful.

LAKE WORTH, FL—Preparing to denounce football as a dangerous sport that takes advantage of athletes as soon as he could determine his favorite team had no hope of making the playoffs, local Dolphins fan Brad Abbott announced Sunday that he was going to check out the first couple games of the season before declaring a moral objection to watching the NFL. “I was going to come out and say the league is indefensible due to its reaction to domestic abuse allegations, but then we drafted Minkah Fitzpatrick and signed Danny Amendola, so maybe I’ll see what happens first,” Abbott said, asserting that he would immediately take a vocal stance against the league by calling out its policies on social protests the moment the Dolphins hit a three-game losing streak. “The NFL’s response to CTE research has been abhorrent, and as soon as the Dolphins are statistically out of the playoffs, I’ll be boycotting them. I mean, how immoral of a person do you have to be to support Roger Goodell if your team has no shot at the post-season?” Abbott promised that he would not be watching the Super Bowl this season unless someone invited him to a party or the matchup was really good.

