President Donald Trump declared NATO a “fine-tuned machine” and boasted of increased spending commitments from allies near the conclusion of a contentious NATO summit during which he has questioned the utility of the alliance and harshly criticized some of the United States’ closest allies for not paying more on defense spending.

Taking a self-congratulatory tone, the president said Thursday in an impromptu news conference that the alliance is much stronger than it was at the outset of the conference and took credit for what he said were substantially increased spending, citing a figure of $33 billion.

“Yesterday, I let them know that I was extremely unhappy with what was happening and they have substantially upped their commitment and now we're very happy, and have a very, very powerful, very strong NATO; much stronger than it was two days ago,” Trump said.

Soon after his victory lap in trumpeting an increased spending commitment by allies, French President Emanuel Macron directly contradicted Trump and said there was no such agreement to increase spending beyond previously agreed upon levels.

The president also told reporters he “probably” had the unilateral power to pull the United States out of NATO if he chose to do so but said he thinks it’s unnecessary.

While the president has had harsh words for the alliance during the two-day summit, even asking in one tweet "what good is NATO," he ultimately reaffirmed the United States' firm commitment to NATO, saying it “remains very strong.”

"I believe in NATO,” Trump said of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization. “I think NATO is a very important, probably the greatest ever done. But the United States was paying for anywhere from 70 percent to 90 percent of it, depending on the way to calculate it.”

Trump next heads to the United Kingdom for a working visit and then to Finland for a meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin. Trump said he intends to talk to Putin about its alleged meddling in the 2016 U.S. election.

"We will be asking, of course, your favorite question about meddling. We're going to ask that again,” Trump said. “He may deny it. All I can do is say it."

The president again described Putin as a competitor, declining to characterize the longtime U.S. adversary as an enemy even as he said he hopes one day they might even be friends.

“He's representing Russia, I’m representing the United States,” Trump said. “So in a sense, we are competitors, not a question of friend or enemy. He's not my enemy and, hopefully someday, maybe he'll be a friend. It could happen.”

Trump said other leaders at the summit have thanked him for meeting with Putin, even as he sought to keep expectations low for what comes out of the meeting.

“We will see what happens -- just a loose meeting. It's not going to be a big schedule,” he said.

“I don't think it should take a very long period of time and we will see where it leads but could lead to productive, something productive. And maybe it's not but I think meeting with people is great.”

As he makes his way to the United Kingdom, the president said he's aware of the protests but said he thinks the U.K. people like him a lot and agree with his tough stance on immigration.

"I think they like me a lot in the U.K.,” he said. “I think they agree with me on immigration. I'm very strong on immigration. I've made a point today, I said, ‘You've got to stop, you're ruining -- you will have a lot of problems.’ You see what's going on throughout the world with immigration. I probably at least partially won an election because of immigration."

And while the United Kingdom is embroiled in internal political chaos as Prime Minister Theresa May works to implement plans for the United Kingdom to withdraw from the European Union, Trump said he won't be bringing a message on the issue that was voted for by the people of the United Kingdom.

health insurance industry shows signs of progress in curbing the nation's opioid epidemic.

Fewer opioid prescriptions were filled nationwide last year for Blue Cross Blue Shield health care customers, according to a report from the umbrella insurance organization, while diagnoses of opioid use disorder dropped slightly from 6.2 members per 1,000 in 2016 to 5.9 per 1,000 in 2017.

The drop in diagnoses marks the first decrease in eight years measured by the Blue Cross Blue Shield Association. Still, opioid use disorder – symptoms of which can include an inability to control or reduce opioid use, according to the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration – continues to afflict hundreds of thousands of Americans, especially in New England and the South.

"We are encouraged by these findings, but we remain vigilant," Dr. Trent Haywood, senior vice president and chief medical officer for the Blue Cross Blue Shield Association, said in a release detailing the study's findings. "More work is needed to better evaluate the effectiveness of treatment options and ensure access to care for those suffering from opioid use disorder."

The Health of America report examined medical and pharmacy claims of more than 41 million commercially insured Blue Cross Blue Shield members per year between 2013 and 2017, excluding "members with a diagnosis of cancer or (those) who are receiving services for palliative or hospice care."

The analysis showed opioid prescriptions declined 29 percent nationally between 2013 and 2017 among Blue Cross Blue Shield members, with 34 states seeing reductions higher than that national average.

Massachusetts (51 percent), Rhode Island (46 percent), Mississippi (43 percent), Vermont (41 percent), New Hampshire (41 percent) and New Jersey (41 percent) experienced the greatest reductions in overall opioid prescribing rates. Additionally, the number of Blue Cross Blue Shield members who filled at least one opioid prescription in a year decreased by 25 percent in the five-year period, from 20 percent in 2013 to 15 percent in 2017.

Yet almost a quarter of a million members – 241,900 – still were diagnosed with opioid use disorder in 2017 alone, according to the report.

Diagnosis rates were higher in New England and the South, with New Hampshire experiencing the highest rate at about 12 diagnoses per 1,000 Blue Cross Blue Shield members. South Dakota had the lowest rate at just over 2 diagnoses per 1,000.

The report's findings are similar to federal statistics on opioid prescription rates over the last half-decade.


The overall national opioid prescribing rate declined 18 percent from 2012 to 2016 to the lowest it had been in more than 10 years, at 66.5 prescriptions per 100 people – equivalent to more than 214 million total opioid prescriptions, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.

Some counties, however, had prescribing rates that were seven times higher than that, and roughly a quarter of all U.S. counties had enough opioid prescriptions for everyone in the county to have one.

Nearly 2 million people were estimated to have an opioid use disorder related to prescription pain relievers in 2014, according to the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, with an additional 586,000 believed to have an opioid use disorder related to heroin use. 

North Korea called out the U.S.' "shameless and impertinent behavior," according to a press release out Thursday via a foreign ministry spokesperson. It also claims that "high-level officials within the U.S. administration are making baseline allegations against [North Korea] and making desperate attempts at intensifying the international sanctions and pressure."

Relations between North Korea and the U.S. remain tense, despite reassurance from the U.S. State Department that the two countries are in contact with each other.

"I can tell you we continue to have conversations virtually every day, every other day or so with the North Koreans," Heather Nauert, U.S. State Department spokeswoman, said Thursday. "When I say 'conversations,' that can be by phone, that can be my message, that can be by email. We continue to have conversations with the government," she added.


President Trump renewed his attacks on NFL players who kneel during the national anthem, claiming they don't know what they're protesting. 

Mr. Trump took to Twitter Friday to say from his New Jersey golf course that "most of them are unable to define" what they're demonstrating against. Instead, the president tweeted players should "Be happy, be cool!"

The president's tweet comes after numerous player demonstrations took place during the national anthem at several early NFL preseason games Thursday night. Players have been protesting police killings of black men, social injustice and racism as they kneel. Mr. Trump has repeatedly attacked the players for kneeling, and the NFL for allowing it. 

The president said players "make a fortune doing what they love" and that those who refuse to stand "proudly" for the anthem should be suspended without pay. 

The NFL instituted a policy earlier this year requiring players to stand for the national anthem, but put the brakes to it. 

Mr. Trump has told associates that he believes the anthem issue is a winning one that riles up his base. Football season officially begins in less than a month, just as the president and Republicans need all the support they can get ahead of the November midterm elections. 

The president's criticism of athletes, particularly black athletes, has become a point of contention. Last week, the president attacked NBA star LeBron James, who had criticized the president on CNN.

"Lebron James was just interviewed by the dumbest man on television, Don Lemon. He made Lebron look smart, which isn't easy to do," the president tweeted. 

First Lady Melania Trump, through her spokeswoman, broke with her husband to praise the athlete's work in the community. 

Unknown numbers of people were still missing two days after a highway bridge in northern Italy gave way, authorities said, as experts warned Thursday that thousands of other bridges in Italy could be at risk of collapse.

The number of cars on the collapsed section of the bridge -- and the number of people that were in them -- is still unclear to those working on the ground, Chief of Fire Services Emmanuel Gissi said.

"We also don't know the capacity of each car," Gissi said. "There could be one person or five. The only way to find out is to break the concrete, remove it, and then send in the dogs."
The death toll has been revised to 38, which had previously been 39, according to a spokesman for the Civil Protection press office.
The revised number of fatalities was due to an error cause by "confusion and internal miscommunications," the spokesman said. The figure is not categorized as final at this time and authorities continue to warn that the death toll may rise.
Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte announced a 12-month state of emergency for the city of Genoa on Wednesday night and pledged €5 million to tackle the immediate costs of the search-and-rescue efforts.
Those efforts were continuing at the rescue site Thursday, where several cranes -- dwarfed by towering blocks of concrete debris -- were seen sifting through chunks of rubble.
The victims will be remembered at a joint funeral in Genoa on Saturday, which Conte has proclaimed as a day of national mourning.
Also on Thursday, the Italian Ministry of Infrastructure and Transport announced the creation of an inspection commission to carry out technical checks and analysis in an investigation into the cause of the collapse. The commission will have 30 days to provide the minister with a detailed report on the collapse.

Experts are now warning that the collapse of the Morandi Bridge -- a vital link of the A10 highway that connects northwest Italy to France and one of the busiest bridges in Italy -- is a sign of far more serious failings in the maintenance of bridges across the country.
"All Italian bridges made of concrete between the 1950s and 1960s have come to the end of their life," Settimo Martinello, director of 4EMME Service, a company that carries out inspections and checks on the state of 50,000 bridges in Italy, told CNN on Thursday. "They're not eternal."

"There are hundreds, thousands rather, of bridges at risk of collapse," he said, adding that the exact number is unknown and that the biggest problem is a lack of information about the 1.5 million or so bridges in Italy.
The responsibility for maintaining those bridges is split among local administrations and several private and public bodies -- including Autostrade, which had the contract for maintenance on the A10 motorway -- and only around 60,000 are monitored regularly, Martinello said.
"While a collapse like the one in Genoa is quite rare, there are about 15 to 20 bridges collapsing every year in the country," he said.

Martinello's warnings echoed a statement released Tuesday by Antonio Occhiuzzi, director of the Institute of Technology of Constructions at the National Council of Research, Italy's biggest public research body.
"In practice, tens of thousands of bridges in Italy have exceeded, today, the lifespan for which they were designed and built, according to a balance between costs and needs of national reconstruction after World War II and the durability of the works," Occhiuzzi said.
He called for many Italian bridges to be replaced with structures with a lifespan of 100 years, saying that the costs of the "extraordinary maintenance" required to keep existing bridges functional would in many cases exceed those involved with demolition and reconstruction.

A man was being held by French police Tuesday over an attack last month on a woman in the center of Paris that was captured on video.

Marie Laguerre was punched in the face on July 24 in Paris' 19th arrondissement after challenging a man who she says was sexually harassing her.
The video, which she then shared on her Facebook page, sparked outrage across the world and led to a new discussion about the harassment faced by women on an everyday basis.
The man suspected of punching Laguerre was arrested on Monday and was still in custody on Tuesday, a spokesman for Paris prosecutors told CNN.
Laguerre said she was walking home when a man on the street started whistling and making "very degrading and humiliating" noises at her.
"It put me in a rage and I told him to shut up," Laguerre told CNN in early August. "I didn't think he'd hear me, but he did. He actually got really mad and then he threw an ashtray at me. After that, I insulted him and after that, he rushed back to punch me."
The encounter, captured on video, lasts just seconds. After hitting her in the face, the assailant turns to walk away as witnesses at a nearby café stand up to confront him.

"I took the punch with the most pride I could, because I didn't want to show him any sign of weakness or any sign that he was actually going to put me down," Laguerre said.
The attack came just over a week before France's National Assembly passed a new law banning sexual or sexist comments that are "degrading, humiliating, intimidating, hostile or offensive." Harassment in public could warrant hefty, on-the-spot fines ranging from 90 to 750 euros ($105 to $878).
In the wake of the attack, Laguerre said she received hundreds of supportive messages from people around the world. She also set up a new online forum for women called Nous Toutes Harcèlement ("We are all harassed"), where women can share their stories anonymously.

"He wasn't the first one that day, or that week," Laguerre said. "It happens almost every day."
A 2015 survey for the French Institute for Demographic Studies found that 20% of the female respondents reported receiving wolf whistles, 8% reported being insulted and 3% reported being followed in public spaces over a span of a year. Physical violence was reported by 1.3% of women, according to the survey, which had 27,000 respondents.

The Netflix miniseries Maniac is set in New York, but something about its version of the city feels distinctly off. At first, the discrepancies between the real metropolis and the one conjured by Cary Joji Fukunaga, best known for directing the stunning first season of True Detective, are subtle: Tiny robots roam the sidewalks cleaning up dog poop. Lonely people hire actors to impersonate old friends. Things slowly get stranger, until the implausibility of a purple koala that plays chess barely registers. Yet life in the bizarro five boroughs remains mostly familiar. In a voiceover that opens the premiere, Justin Theroux floats a hypothesis: “All the worlds that almost were matter just as much as the one we’re in.” Maniac—the most exciting new drama to arrive on Netflix in the past two years—takes place in one of these parallel realities.

Though they inhabit a slightly alien world, the show’s dual protagonists are all too human. Broke and hooked on an experimental medication, Annie Landsberg (Emma Stone) remains unmoored years after a traumatic incident involving her younger sister. Owen Milgrim (Jonah Hill), the timid, possibly schizophrenic black sheep of a powerful family, loses his dull desk job. They meet at an inpatient drug trial administered by the mysterious Neberdine Pharmaceutical and Biotech, both desperate enough for cash and healing to endure risky tests. Formulated by Dr. James K. Mantleray (Theroux), a scientist who’s left his own internal wounds to fester, the course of three pills promises to heal all mental afflictions, effectively eradicating psychic pain.

Like so many other recent prestige dramas—Mr. Robot, Legion, Westworld—Maniac lives at the intersection of psychology, metaphysics and science fiction. But what sets it apart from those series, whose dazzling visuals and complicated storylines can mask inconsistent writing, is the way it tackles heady themes without sacrificing narrative momentum or character development. Fukunaga made his name with ambitious films like Sin Nombre and Beasts of No Nation, and it shows in Maniac’s epic scale and fast pace. (Episodes that top out at around 40 minutes seem especially brisk now that even basic cable is pushing runtimes past an hour.) Though it’s based on a Norwegian show of the same name, the miniseries feels less like anything on TV than like Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, 2001: A Space Odyssey and, at times, Mulholland Drive—all mind-bending, heartbreaking, witty movies that are also exhilarating to watch.

Fukunaga leans into these parallels. The living quarters at Neberdine have the same glossy, retro-futuristic white sheen as the interior of 2001’s spacecraft; a manipulative talking computer could be HAL 9000’s mother-in-law. David Lynch’s influence is present in the way the show keeps recasting its leads in new roles: The drugs send Owen and Annie on a series of dream quests that resemble other familiar stories. The characters become married high-school sweethearts in an absurd 1980s heist movie. While he ends up in a gangster flick, she finds herself in a fantasy tale that combines elements of The Lord of the Rings and Game of Thrones.

There’s a purpose to Maniac’s culturally literate surrealism: Its mini-films are metaphors for the subconscious lives of Annie and Owen, two souls stuck at emotional impasses, whose suffering resonates long before it’s clear why they’re in pain. Stone and Hill, who previously shared a screen in the 2007 teen comedy Superbad, show how much they’ve grown as actors in the past decade, delivering the most complex performances of their careers. Owen, in particular, quickly evolves from an irritating cluster of clichés—a sad, privileged underachiever with a savior complex and a compulsion to find meaning in the universe—into a singular, deeply lovable character.

It feels strange to say this about a platform that has only been making original programming since 2013, but Maniac represents a welcome return to form for Netflix. At first, the streaming service seemed to want to compete with creative standard bearers like HBO and FX, cultivating a small stable of high-quality, conversation-starting shows: House of Cards, Orange Is the New Black, BoJack Horseman, Jessica Jones. In the past few years, however, Netflix has expanded its content to rival cable TV as a whole more than any one channel. This enormous effort has yielded a surplus of light comedies, documentary series, foreign-language fare, food and design shows, reality franchises and programming for kids and teens, as well as a trove of original films and a few major misfires.

But that constant stream of content has come at the cost of runaway hits. When Stranger Things exploded in the summer of 2016, it demonstrated Netflix’s power to create big, unifying cultural moments at a time when anything more controversial than HGTV seems to divide American viewers along political lines. Though it’s smarter, darker and more sophisticated than its kid-friendly predecessor, the wild and addictive Maniac is the first drama the service has unveiled that offers a similarly potent mix of irresistible premise, charismatic cast and broad appeal. Five years after Netflix ushered in the era of Peak TV, it’s a relief to see that the medium’s most prolific player still cares about quality.

President Trump on Friday went on the offensive in the battle over Brett Kavanaugh’s Supreme Court confirmation after days of laying low, calling on accuser Christine Blasey Ford to provide a police report, slamming Democrats for waiting to share the allegations and telling senators to move ahead with a vote.

In a sharp change of tone after days of reserved statements regarding the allegations, the president unleashed a torrent of tweets, first in defense of Kavanaugh. He then put pressure on Ford to furnish a police report, though there's no indication one was ever filed. 

"I have no doubt that, if the attack on Dr. Ford was as bad as she says, charges would have been immediately filed with local Law Enforcement Authorities by either her or her loving parents. I ask that she bring those filings forward so that we can learn date, time, and place!" he tweeted. 

I have no doubt that, if the attack on Dr. Ford was as bad as she says, charges would have been immediately filed with local Law Enforcement Authorities by either her or her loving parents. I ask that she bring those filings forward so that we can learn date, time, and place!

He also tweeted: “Judge Brett Kavanaugh is a fine man, with an impeccable reputation, who is under assault by radical left wing politicians who don’t want to know the answers, they just want to destroy and delay. Facts don’t matter. I go through this with them every single day in D.C.”

The president was also critical of Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., for receiving a letter from Ford outlining her allegations in July, but failing to disclose them, even anonymously, to federal officials or other committee members until last week.

"Senator Feinstein and the Democrats held the letter for months, only to release it with a bang after the hearings were OVER - done very purposefully to Obstruct & Resist & Delay," Trump tweeted Friday. "Let her testify, or not, and TAKE THE VOTE!"

Trump also took issue with Ford’s legal team saying they want the FBI to investigate the allegations – something the bureau has indicated it has no plans to do.

"The radical left lawyers want the FBI to get involved NOW," Trump tweeted. "Why didn’t someone call the FBI 36 years ago?"

The statements come as the deadline passed for Ford to tell the Senate Judiciary Committee whether she will accept an invitation to testify about her claims on Monday. It's unclear if a deal was made, but talks could still be ongoing, as Ford's lawyers re-opened discussions Thursday with Republicans over scheduling testimony.

Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley had called on Ford to respond by 10 a.m. Friday. With the deadline passed, Fox News has learned Grassley is speaking with committee members and key other players about what they’re willing to do.

Ford, through her attorneys, has given differing statements about whether she is willing to testify. Earlier this week, Ford’s attorney Debra Katz indicated her client was willing to do so, before later saying they wanted the FBI to investigate the claims first.

According to a Thursday email sent by her attorney Debra Katz to the committee, Ford is willing to appear for a hearing on Capitol Hill as long as senators provide "terms that are fair and which ensure her safety." 

But they do not want Ford to testify on Monday. 

Among the terms being requested by Ford’s legal team: Only members of the committee -- no lawyers -- can question her; Kavanaugh cannot be in the room at the time; and Kavanaugh should be questioned first, before he has the opportunity to hear Ford's testimony.

It’s not clear if Republicans would agree to those terms, especially over Kavanaugh having to testify before he hears the accusations against him.

Trump has called for Ford to testify, and on Thursday night said he wants to see the confirmation process proceed without delay.

Speaking to Fox News' Sean Hannity on Thursday night before a rally in Nevada, Trump called Kavanaugh "an outstanding person" and said, "I don't think you can delay it any longer."

For his part, Kavanaugh, in a letter to the Judiciary Committee on Thursday, indicated he would be ready and willing to testify on Monday. "I continue to want a hearing as soon as possible, so that I can clear my name," he wrote.

"Since the moment I first heard this allegation, I have categorically and unequivocally denied it. I remain committed to defending my integrity."

Kavanaugh's letter did not contain any preconditions for his testimony. Fox News has learned that Kavanaugh, under oath, answered questions from the Judiciary Committee earlier this week, and denied the allegations.

In a series of tweets earlier Thursday, Republicans on the Senate Judiciary Committee noted they had obtained statements, under penalty of felony, from two other people at the house party where the alleged assault occurred, including Kavanaugh friend Mark Judge and another individual.

Committee members also wrote that they had reached out to a "fourth person allegedly at the party," as well as "a schoolmate who claimed on social media this week to have info related to Dr. Ford’s allegations" -- but had not heard back.

That was an apparent reference to a widely circulated online account by Cristina Miranda King, who claimed that she heard about the alleged assault at the time. King deleted her online post after questions emerged about apparent inconsistencies in her claims.

On Thursday, Ford's lawyers reportedly requested that the Judiciary Committee subpoena Judge to testify. Earlier this week, Judge told committee Republicans that he had "no memory" of the alleged incident, and said he did not want to testify.

Asked whether Republicans had planned to call Judge to testify, Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., told reporters, “No reason to. ... He’s already said what he’s going to say."

It would be highly unusual for a witness before a Senate committee to dictate who receives a subpoena as a precondition to testifying.

Meanwhile, a former classmate of Kavanaugh's said that he had no "recollection" of any incident at the house party Ford described, saying he was one of the people Ford had claimed to be there.

Ford alleged in the letter that Kavanaugh had sexually assaulted her more than 35 years ago, although she has since indicated that she cannot be sure in which house the assault occurred. Kavanaugh has denied all the accusations.

Everyone loves the feeling of a fresh haircut, and one New York barber is winning praise for making accommodations to style a customer's hair outside of his non-wheelchair-accessible shop.

Earlier this week, Joe's Upscale Barber Shop in Webster posted photos of staffer Victor Burgos and an unnamed male customer to Facebook, where they have since gone viral.

“A few days ago at the shop, we had a man in a wheelchair come to the shop on a recommendation. Unfortunately we are not handicapped accessible. Then our phone rang. It’s was the man outside looking for a way to come in,” the shop manager wrote online. “Instead of telling him we couldn’t do it because we are not handicapped accessible, Victor Burgos went outside with his tools and cut his hair on the sidewalk.”

“I couldn’t be happier to work and know a person of such kind nature as Victor. I’m proud to know that even when I’m not around, our staff will go out of their way. Just to make someone happy!! He did not have to do this,” the manager continued. “Vic is one of our busiest barbers and is always busy. So Vic, thank you for being that [guy] and not only always proving what type of person you are but also being a CLASS ACT.”

The author added that “Vic had no idea these pics were even [taken].”

In the days since, though the story of the good deed has since won over 2,000 likes on the social platform, it has also sparked mixed reactions. Some users heaped praise on Burgos, but a few others felt it was disrespectful to cut the man’s hair in the street.

“Omg how sweet!! We need more ppl like Victor in this world!!!!!!!!!” one fan said.

“Thank you Victor for an excellent cut... Ramps and doors are not what makes businesses and homes accessible.... It's people!” another agreed.

“Who wants their haircut in the street? Be accessible, or help him find a place that cares about people's dignity instead of how good [it looks] helping the poor disabled guy,” a critic clapped.

According to Yahoo Lifestyle, the local community of Webster was reportedly so moved by Burgos’ actions, they are working to get Joe's Upscale Barber Shop a wheelchair ramp.

In the meantime, Burgos told Inside Edition he is “happy to cut the man's hair outside, whenever he needs a trim.”

An Indiana man found guilty of molesting a 10-year-old girl multiple times, which led to her becoming pregnant, was sentenced Thursday to more than 100 years in prison.

Nicholas Deon Thrash, 34, of Marion, was sentenced to 160 years in jail with a minimum service of 132 years, FOX59 Indianapolis reported, citing the Grant County prosecutor.

Marion man who molested 10-year-old, left her pregnant sentenced to over 100 years in prison https://t.co/MSrgn2UB9w pic.twitter.com/Z0hzLYFxtz

— FOX59 News (@FOX59) September 21, 2018
Thrash was found guilty of 10 counts of child molestation during his trial last month, the station reported. The victim, who was not named, testified Thrash had molested her at least 15 times.

The girl’s grandmother told Indiana news station WISH-TV in May 2017, when Thrash was charged, that he was someone the family trusted.

The girl’s mother also faces charges relating to the case, including neglect, aiding in child molesting and assisting a criminal, Marion-based newspaper the Chronicle-Tribune reported.

The mother reportedly discovered the pregnancy as the victim was trying on dresses for a school dance, then instructed her to say a classmate impregnated her.

Prosecutors told FOX59 that the girl, after turning 11, gave birth to a boy in September 2017.

Thrash remained in the Grant County Jail as of Thursday.

Authorities across the country are on alert after a man allegedly slit his wife's Thursday in Springfield, Ohio, and then disappeared.

Raymond Roberts allegedly attacked his wife in a garage and took off. A nationwide warrant was then issued for the 42-year-old, Fox 45 reported.

The man’s wife, who has not yet been identified, is receiving treatment for her injuries at a hospital in Miami Valley, according to the news station. She is expected to recover.

Roberts — who is considered to be “armed and dangerous" — is reportedly driving a 2011 silver/gray Ford Focus.

A spokesperson for the Clark County Sheriff’s Office was not immediately for comment when contacted by Fox News on Friday.

A stunningly strict list of alleged “rules and regulations” for one couple’s nuptials has gone viral on Reddit, leaving many wondering why anyone would want to attend such a humorless event.

On Sept. 20, Redditor Laika_cat posted the image of an email allegedly sent by the “wedding coordinator” of the upcoming ceremony, which included stipulations such as “kindly refrain from upstaging the bride on her big day — oh, and no admission without a gift of $75 or more.”

The post has since earned over 10,000 points on Reddit and sparked 1,160 heated comments, many critical of the rules that were outlined in the message.

“Please arrive 15-30 minutes early. Please DO NOT wear white, cream, or ivory. Please do not wear anything other than a basic bob or ponytail. Please do not [have] a full face of makeup,” the list begins.

“Do not record during the ceremony. Do not check in on [Facebook] until instructed. Use #[Wedding hashtag] when posting all pictures.”

“DO NOT TALK TO THE BRIDE AT ALL,” it continues.

“Everyone will toast with Rémy. No acceptance. Lastly must come with gift $75 or more or you won’t be admitted,” the list concludes.

Kindly refrain from upstaging the bride on her big day — oh, and no admission without a gift of $75 or more from r/ChoosingBeggars
Naturally, Redditors had a field day roasting the pretentious demands, which many suspected to be sourced from the bride herself.

A massive gold nugget believed to be worth about $80,000 was discovered by a retired man in Western Australia who said he’s been searching the area for years with a metal detector.

The man who discovered the nugget did not want to be named but said he found the nugget in the northern Goldfields, the Australian Associated Press reported.

"When I had finished digging it out, I just thought 'Oh my God'," he said.

“There’s an amazing feeling of joy when you find a gold nugget, even a small one, so when I uncovered this one it was a really special moment," the man said according to Aussie Gold Addiction.

The man said it took him two hours to get the nugget, which weighed about seven pounds, out of the ground.

"It was pretty deep at about 31 inches in clay soil so it took more than two hours of careful digging to get it out,” he said.

The man said he named the nugget “Duck’s Foot” due to its shape.

Rob Anderson, who owns metal detector company Prospectors Pick, said he has known the gold digger for while and the man has had luck before.

RNC Minerals, a Canadian gold mining company, announced earlier this month that 578 pounds of gold was found in its Beta Hunt gold mine in Goldfields near where “Duck’s Foot” was discovered. The gold was worth about $11.6 million.

London (CNN)UK police have admitted that supervisors knew about a long-term sexual relationship between an undercover officer and an environmental activist, campaigners said Friday.

The activist, Kate Wilson, had a two-year intimate relationship with Mark Kennedy, who was known to her as Mark Stone. She only found out in 2010 that he had been an undercover officer tasked with infiltrating environmental protest groups.
The Investigatory Powers Tribunal is due to hear Wilson's case against the Metropolitan Police and the National Police Chiefs' Council, alleging breaches of the Human Rights Act, on October 3. The tribunal investigates claims that the police have abused covert surveillance powers and infringed people's human rights.
The admission that Kennedy's supervisors knew about their sexual relationship and allowed it to continue was made in legal papers submitted by the police ahead of the October 3 hearing, according to a document released by campaign group Police Spies Out of Lives on Friday.
It appears to contradict a public apology made by police in 2015 which said such relationships by undercover officers were "abusive, deceitful, manipulative and wrong," would "never be authorized in advance" and were the result of "failures of supervision and management."
According to the Police Spies Out of Lives document, police have "admitted to the Tribunal that an as yet unknown number of cover officers and a line manager knew about and acquiesced to the relationship."
It added: "This means at least eight police officers were complicit in deceiving Ms Wilson in a long-term, intimate relationship, and suggests a deliberate strategy, and not a 'failure of supervision' as claimed."
Police have also conceded in the legal papers that Kennedy's relationship with Wilson violated her right to live without torture or inhuman or degrading treatment, and that this breach was made worse by the complicity of his managers, the document said.
Wilson: 'About institutional sexism'
Wilson is one of eight women to have brought a case against the police over undercover relationships, with legal support provided by Police Spies Out of Lives.
"It has taken me eight painful years to discover that managing officers really did conspire to deceive and abuse me, something the police had consistently denied," Wilson said in a statement Friday.
"The wider questions for society here are massive, this is about institutional sexism, senior police officers sanctioning sexual abuse, and the systematic violation of human rights because of political beliefs, and we still don't have the whole truth.
"The police should not be allowed to evade the serious questions this case raises. Until we have a proper court hearing that examines the evidence, they will always be able to lie."
Wilson tells how she fell in love with Kennedy -- whom she describes as "charismatic and romantic" and sharing many of her interests and dreams -- after meeting him at a public meeting about holding protests at the upcoming G8 summit in Scotland. He became her lover and they lived together for more than a year, she said.
"He visited my parents on many occasions, and he attended my grandmother's 90th birthday. He was my partner in just about everything, for two years," she said. After they separated, the pair remained "close friends" until 2010, she said.
Compensation payouts
Scotland Yard's apology in 2015 was part of its settlement of a civil case brought by eight women, Wilson among them, who had been deceived by undercover officers. It was accompanied by an agreement to pay compensation.
While the other seven settled, Wilson continued her case and won a High Court battle against the Met Police in 2016 after the force withdrew its defense.
The Met said Friday that it would be "inappropriate" to comment on Wilson's ongoing civil action at the tribunal.
"The (Met) has made clear its position on long-term sexual relationships known to have been entered into by some undercover officers in the past. Those relationships were wrong and should not have happened," it said.

(CNN)Carlos Ramos, the umpire at the center of the storm surrounding Serena Williams at the US Open, was "thrown under a bus" by tennis' governing bodies, says a former top-level umpire.

Speaking to CNN World Sport's Don Riddell, Richard Ings said the treatment of Ramos after a final which sparked debate about sexism in tennis would have left "umpires everywhere seething."

Saturday's final descended into controversy in the second set when Williams was given a code violation for getting signals from her coach, handed a point penalty for smashing her racket and then docked a game for an outburst in which she called Ramos a "liar" and a "thief." She was later fined $17,000 for the three code violations.
The 23-time grand slam champion, who went on to lose in straight sets to Japan's Naomi Osaka, told reporters that being penalized a game was "sexist."
"Carlos Ramos has been a professional umpire for four decades," said Ings. "There's no one more experienced, no one more knowledgeable, no one more capable as an umpire than Carlos Ramos.
"If governing bodies can throw him under a bus then umpires everywhere are seething ... They've lost their safety factor of knowing that these governing bodies will support them."

'A watershed moment in officiating'
Williams' claims of sexism were backed by the governing body of women's tennis, the Women's Tennis Association (WTA), whose chief executive said the umpire had shown the 36-year-old a different level of tolerance than if she had been a man.
The United States Tennis Association (USTA) also supported Williams' claims, while Billie Jean King, founder of the WTA and winner of 12 grand slam singles titles, told CNN Tuesday that though Williams was "out of line," Ramos had aggravated the situation.

"I felt like at the very beginning he blew it," King said. "As an umpire you're supposed to keep the flow of the match going and he did just the opposite."
On Monday, the International Tennis Federation said Ramos acted "at all times with professionalism and integrity," a statement welcomed by Ings, who was a professional chair umpire from 1986 to 1993.
"This has been a bit of a watershed moment in the history of professional officiating," he told CNN.
"Until this moment in time, professional officials expected that when they made tough decisions on court they'd be fully backed by the governing bodies. But, in this case, particularly through the WTA, this has not happened. We just made life difficult for umpires everywhere.
"Every match is different and every incident is different and Carlos did a tremendous job in this particular match."
Ings, who was the director of officiating for the ATP Tour from 2001-2005, added: "It's great the ITF has put out a message of support but the WTA needs to do something to protect the interest of umpires and make sure players show respect to officials on court."

Ings said the incident itself would not worry umpires but the handling of it would be an issue.
"What happened on court in this particular match is not something that is going to trouble professional umpires. Players get upset on court, players get code violations on court. The incidents on the court are not the issue," he added.
"The big issue for umpires everywhere is the importance of the support of governing bodies when umpires are just out there doing their job and making decisions under rules which are given to them by those very governing bodies."
Visit cnn.com/sport for more news and videos
Portugese newspaper Tribuna Expresso reported that Ramos had avoided walking the streets of New York on Sunday to avoid any "complicated situations."
"It's an unhappy situation but 'à la carte' refereeing doesn't exist. Don't you worry about me," the 47-year-old is quoted as saying in the newspaper.
Ramos will next umpire at the US-Croatia Davis Cup semi-final in Zadar, Croatia this weekend.
According to the Guardian, the sport's top umpires are considering forming a union as a result of the fallout from the women's final.
Under the terms of their contracts, umpires -- who are employed by grand slams and men's and women's tours -- are not allowed to speak out publicly.

London (CNN)The storyline's straight out of a spy thriller: two men allegedly dispatched from Moscow to eliminate a defector in a quiet English city -- but leaving traces of their movements everywhere to be painstakingly recreated by the intrepid British police.

British Prime Minister Theresa May went into great detail about the movements of the two middle-aged men on their brief visit to England in March. They entered the country using aliases, as Alexander Petrov and Ruslan Boshirov. They twice visited Salisbury, and, she says, on the second trip they applied the deadly nerve agent Novichok to the front door of Sergei Skripal's home, before carelessly discarding a perfume bottle adapted to carry the poison.

That same evening, according to May, the duo left London's Heathrow airport on a return flight to Moscow.
May said the UK intelligence services had established that both were officers of Russian military intelligence (the GRU).
"Were these two suspects within our jurisdiction there would be a clear basis in law for their arrest for murder," May added, following the death of Dawn Sturgess when she came into contact with the disposed Novichok.
Inevitably, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov dismissed May's account, saying that "neither top Russian authorities nor the lower-ranking authorities or any other officials had anything to do with the Salisbury events."
In a rare interview earlier this year with a Russian Defense Ministry newspaper, a former head of the GRU, Fyodor Ladygin, said: "The Russian intelligence agency where I had the honor to work for many years... never resorted to such heinous acts as the ones that Britain is trying to implicate it in."
But May's account assembled evidence that brought strong support from the UK's allies in the UN Security Council. So the question is: were these alleged agents incompetent -- or just indifferent to being discovered? Did Russia want the world to know, yes, we did it? Are its operatives careless or is deniability deemed unnecessary?

While still commonly referred to as the GRU (Glavnoe Razvedyvatelnoe Upravlenie) or Main Intelligence Directorate, the agency actually changed its name to the Main Directorate (GU) in 2010. It very much sits within the military sphere; its head -- currently Igor Korobov -- reports to the Chief of the General Staff and Defense Minister.
In her statement on Wednesday, May described the GRU as as a "highly disciplined organization." But it's an agency where tradecraft is sometimes optional or sparingly applied. Digitally or otherwise, it leaves fingerprints. And it may not care.
Mark Galeotti of the Institute of International Relations in Prague and a seasoned watcher of the Russian security services, says the GRU is not like Russia's other intelligence services because it's essentially a "war-fighting instrument which is mission-oriented."
In the eyes of the GRU, says Galeotti, "the biggest sin is not to take advantage of an opportunity." It takes risks and is aggressive.
"By contrast, the foreign intelligence service or SVR is more like MI6, a white-collar organization with diplomatic cover that is risk-averse," Galeotti says.

"Petrov" and "Boshirov" didn't take steps to camouflage their travel. They flew direct from Moscow on Russian passports, Britain's Crown Prosecution Service said. They used public transport in England, where there are almost as many surveillance cameras as there are passengers.
Critically they stayed in a budget hotel where, according to British authorities, minute traces of Novichok were later found. They appear to have gone everywhere together, making them much easier to pick out for the detectives wading through more than 11,000 hours of surveillance video.

Britain's Security Minister Ben Wallace said the duo had failed in their mission (if it was to kill Skripal.) "They couldn't run a bath in the GRU," Wallace told British media Thursday. Conservative MP Johnny Mercer tweeted after May's disclosures: "I hope this toilet tradecraft will help reduce perception that Russia is some intelligence/military behemoth to be cowered from."
But such scorn may miss the point.
The attack was meant to send a broader message to the UK government, says Galeotti. The Russians believed Sergei Skripal, a former GRU officer who arrived in the UK with a pardon as a result of a spy swap in 2010, was active again -- with the connivance or encouragement of the UK intelligence services. And that -- to Moscow -- was out of order.
Whether the GRU proposed the operation or was directed to carry it out by the Kremlin will probably never be known, adds Galeotti. But he has no doubt that such an attack would have required a green light at a very high level.
Had such an audacious operation not been approved from above, there would have been consequences in the form of "unexpected retirements" at the GRU, Galeotti concludes. His sources suggest the agency remains "one of the favorite sons" of President Vladimir Putin.

